1. Load stock OLHCV data from specific date range.
2. Add optimized labels to data (Bearish/Bullish/Neutral).
    2.1. Create list of date intervals every with specific frequency (6 month by default).
    2.2. For each interval optimize parameters: vol - volume, fu - upper barrier factory, fl - lower barrier factor, 
    vt - vertical barrier. Optimization process is performed by simulating trading returns with specific parameter values.
    The best set of parameters is obtained by highest score of simulated trading returns measured with Sharpe Ratio.
        2.2.1. For first step, variables are initialized: best_sharpe_ratio, best_net_profit and best_params. The parameter
        space is declared as follows: volatility period: 8,9,10,...,15; upper barrier: 1.0, 1.1, 1.2, ..., 1.5;
        lower barrier: 1.0, 1.1, 1.2, ..., 1.5; and vertical barrier: 8, 9, 10, ..., 15;
        2.2.2 For each intervals the optimizing algorithm randomly selects parameters values from existing space, then
        optimize function that simulates trading with selected parameters.
            2.2.2.1 The optimize function assigns labels to the stock data by Triple Barrier Labeling method.
            The labels are assigned based on selected parameters. 
            2.2.2.2 Firstly, the daily volatility is calculated for each day. For each day Bearish/Bullish/Neutral label of 
            volatility is assigned depends on threshold multiplied relative to rolling volatility mean.
            2.2.2.3 Labels are assigned for stock data.
                2.2.2.3.1 For each day barriers are calculated by using formula: 
                upper = price + price * volatility * Fu,
                lower = price - price * volatility * Fl.
                2.2.2.3.2 Depends on upper and lower value, following labels are created: lower_barrier,
                higher_barrier, start, end, and label. Bullish if high day price cross upper barrier, Bearish 
                if low day price cross lower barrier, Neutral if neither.
            2.2.2.4 The labels and associated barrier are mapped to the dataframe.
            2.2.2.5 Signals (buy, sell, or neutral) are created based on labels.
            2.2.2.6 The percentage changes for target prices (take profit and stop level) are calculated.
            2.2.2.7 Negative take profit and stop level values are replaced by zero, maintaining logical constistency.
        2.2.3 Signals are send to trading simulation. Based on them specific actions are performed:
        Hold, Keep holding, Short, Open short, Open long, Continue short, Long, Continue long, Close long and open short,
        Close short and open long. The simulator function work on daily data on specific tradng period.
        2.2.4 Based on returns and cash flow, the sharpe ratio parameter is obtained.
    2.3 Having negative sharpe ratio for specific period and parameters, the parameters are saved then 
    on every loop exection it will be compared with next parameter set. Then replaced if sharpe ratio will be lower.
    2.4 The best performed value set of volume, upper barrier factory,lower barrier factor, and vertical barrier 
    for every date period is saved.
    2.5 Based on them dataset with labels Bearish/Bullish/Neutral is created instead of prices.
3. The target label is created 
4. Technical indicators: ROC and RSI are added to the dataset.
5. Tweet data is loaded.
    5.1 If engagement posts flag is true, only tweets with at least 20 likes are taken to dataset.
    5.2 if random sample flag is true, instead of taking all available tweets, only random_sample number of tweets
    for each day is taken.
    5.3 Tweets are sorted by day.
6. Tweets are merged with labels are technical indicators.
7. Labels are undersampled to round all class representations.
8. Tweet prompts are generated.
9. Prompts and targets got applied preprocess and tokenize.
10. Finetuning of  FinBERT or CryptoBERT is performed. Model is train to predict next label: bullish, bearish or neutral
based on prompts.
